[Today's Menu]
Oh, here it is.
Hello. Hello.
Thank you. Thank you.
Yes. Yes.
No. No.
Oh, there's a Korean guide.
Menu.
Sinigang...
So it's a soup.
Palabok.
Inasal.
Halo-halo is delicious, halo-halo.
Oh, they sell beer, too.
Coke and Sprite.
Okay.
Got it.
Now, the uniform.
It's a cool uniform.
Okay.
Great.
[Kumusta]
Oh, it's pretty.
Shouldn't we put something here?
Like a pen?
A pen and...
The menu, like this.
Isn't this how they do it?
Or like this?
Just put it here like this.
Alright.
Oh, it's a Polaroid camera.
I got the picture, now let me put it somewhere.
Right here.
It's cute.
Kumusta.
Good morning, Kumusta!
- We're here! - Good morning!
Hello!
- Oh, my God. - Hi!
Oh, my God!
Nice to meet you!
Welcome, everyone.
- Hello. - Come on in!
[A few days ago]
Chef, are you okay over there?
Yeah.
Hi, hello. My name is Jodi Sta. Maria.
I worked as a professional actor here in the Philippines
For 27 years.
- Wow! - That's the manager!
Respectable manager.
And I'm Kumusta's hall manager. [Hall Manager]
Then all your senses are working.
Sight, ears, feel, everything.
Hi, I'm JP.
I'm a chef from the Philippines.
One of those chefs that push Filipino food on a global stage.
And I cook Filipino food.
So proud! [The Michelin Guide]
[Head Chef] [Manila and Environs, CEBU 2026]
Chef! Is this okay, Chef?
What else do I put, Chef?
I have no idea how to chop this.
What if I drop this?
Hi, I'm Janella Salvador.
And I am a singer, actress, mother,
And for Kumusta, I am one of your chefs.
Chefing is not glamorous at all.
Yes, Chef.
I've never been in the service industry.
But I am Super Janella. [Super Chef]
Let's see.
Hi, I'm Francine Diaz.
I've portrayed so many roles.
I'm working currently on a TV series.
And then, I just started filming a movie.
Hall Mascot. [Hall Mascot]
- Mascot? - Yeah.
This team is totally unexpected.
- This is it! - Ready?
[Open]
Oh, my gosh. We're officially open.
- Let's go. - Okay.
We're actually running a restaurant in Korea. [Where is it running?]
- It's pretty crazy. - I love it!
- Great. - This is going to be our stage.
[South Korea] [Gangnam]
- Are you guys ready? - Yeah!
- Here we go! - Okay!
Korean-Filipino Innovation.
I think I'm still on cloud nine.
[And... with new staff] Do we have new staff?
[Hall Ace] Thank you. I came as soon as I could.
- I'll do my best. - Hello!
- Pretty fast. - Yeah.
I'm working part-time right now.
Hello.
Welcome to Korea! [All Rounder]
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
Your new server. [ASMR Server]
It's totally fine. I'll help you.
I'll do my best. [Face Server]
It's okay. [Cleaner]
You can do it!
- New member with us. - Cheer up!
Okay.
We have two customers.
Korean? Okay.
Good luck!
Yes?
[A new challenge]
Alright. Chef, we're on!
- Okay. - You guys ready?
- Yes, Chef! - Let's go.
Let's start this.
I believe that the world would love Filipino food.
It really makes my heart flutter.
Maybe I'm dreaming.
Thank you, thank you, thank you
For giving us this opportunity to share our Filipino food.
- Sinigang is ready. - Okay.
I wish you the best!
- I have a renewed love... - Give it a chef's kiss.
For cooking.
Filipino food, make it known to different parts of the world.
Palabok ready!
Here's your palabok.
It's amazing to me.
- Enjoy. - I'm always trying my best
To help them if they need something.
Thank you!
- J, get ready, yeah? - Yeah.
This is going to be a rush.
A long night.
Did you order garlic rice?
Are you guys ready to order?
I think a lot of people usually go for the palabok.
- Three inasal! - Okay.
- Palabok. - Fish.
- Pick up! - Sinigang!
Table number 5!
Can you just put calamansi, please?
Okay.
Not easy. Everything's not easy.
- But... - Let's keep pushing!
Okay!
- Hey, this is your Palabok. - Because everyone bonding together.
Here's a side dish.
Here's your sisig.
I'll bring you another one.
We are creating magic.
Kumusta.
[The Beginning]
[First Meeting]
- Hi! - Hi!
Hello!
Nice to meet you!
- Hi. - Hi.
Good morning. Hello!
- Where do I look? - Where does he look?
Okay.
Did they just come from Korea?
- Like today? Did they just arrive? - Yesterday.
Oh, yesterday!
Welcome.
Enjoy Manila in the short time that you've been here.
How did you feel after hearing all the explanations about the program?
- How did you feel? - How did you feel?
Oh, my gosh. Actually, I think this is my first time.
This is actually a first for me.
First time.
Because I've never done anything like this before.
I've never actually done a reality show before.
[The First Reality Show]
Nervous, but I am excited.
I don't know.
Curious.
I really don't know what to expect.
I just want to experience it
And just enjoy the ride and have fun!
I was a bit nervous at first.
I hope you guys will understand me.
The real side of me, like the raw...
The raw Janella.
How do you rate your cooking skills?
[First Time Cooking?!]
You can cook that?
I don't cook. I just eat.
Out of a hundred, a hundred being the best, what do you rate your cooking skills?
Oh no, I don't know!
So what do you think your son will rate your cooking?
- Of course, a hundred! - A hundred.
He's my son!
You need team members, so...
Hopefully not those three girls.
I'm just joking.
Cut!
I'd rather, you know, hire someone [Someone I want to be with...]
That has zero experience but has a big heart.
So, the three girls that I'm with have the biggest hearts.
You have to serve other Korean customers.
Is there any Korean word you know?
No, I don't. I'm so sorry.
Don't crucify me.
"Annyeonghaseyo" like that.
I think that's the only Korean I know, but don't worry.
But I'm really going to try to learn even the basic ones.
Since we'll be filming in October, you can practice until then.
I will. I really will.
I will try my best.
I will learn!
I'm willing to learn.
When you cook for someone, you have to sing so it's more delicious.
And I think because of that, in everything we do, we pour love into it.
- So... - So...
- So... - When do we start?
[The Story Begins]
[Manila, Philippines] [A few days later]
Of course, we're putting up a restaurant in Korea.
So it has to be something they can enjoy as well.
- Okay. - We have to showcase our cuisine to them.
- Okay. - Like, "This is what we eat."
Okay.
I think we need to learn, right?
Their taste preferences.
- We need to familiarize... - So that we can adjust.
They say this place is popular.
So I see them on social media or through my friends' stories.
And there was even a pork backbone stew craze.
I want to know what pork backbone stew is.
Here? This one?
Yes, they say it's loved by both Koreans and Filipinos.
- Or why don't we... - Try it?
Try?
- I'm hungry, so... - I think...
- Me too. - Me too. I'm hungry.
- This is the start of our training. - Yeah.
Then we can dissect the flavors.
- Oh, my gosh. - There's science involved.
101!
Yeah, yeah. I mean...
- So are we... - Here we go.
Shall we press the call button?
Yes!
So fancy.
- Ladies and gentlemen. - We should get one of these.
Welcome to Philippine Air...
You became a flight attendant!
Okay, wait. So maybe we can do grilled pork belly.
- Okay. - Yeah.
And the pork backbone stew.
- Let's go with that. - Yeah.
There are three kinds.
There's one with curry.
There's traditional Korean kimchi.
Then, the other one is mala.
I think the one with the heart.
Oh my gosh, on our menu, we should add something like, "This is our bestseller."
Like this.
Okay, so...
So...
I think this is the best part.
[Liquor]
- Is that allowed? - It's too early.
It's happy hour?
It's happy hour somewhere!
How about dishes that we want to serve? [Quiet Please]
- Alright. - So what's our appetizer?
Right. We have to, because Koreans love appetizers.
So before we serve the main dish, there's got to be an appetizer.
- Like a side dish. - A side dish.
Our own little side dishes.
- Maybe around four to five. - Okay.
Do you think Koreans would like the pako salad?
- Because they like vegetables, right? - Yes.
But isn't it hard to find there or...
I don't...
I don't know. We'll find out.
Or we can find something similar.
Side dish.
Ah! You know what?
I realized, since they like pickles, why don't we do...
Burong mangga, atchara...
- That is a great idea. - We can do that.
- That's good. - So, atchara.
There it is!
- Oh, my gosh. It's so big! - Oh, wow.
Wow.
This is pork backbone stew.
- Oh my God, it's... - Oh my gosh.
This is pork neck.
Fresh samgyeopsal set.
- Is that mushroom? - Mushroom.
Yeah.
I'm overwhelmed. Where do I start?
Yum, I really want to try that.
- Let's try it. - I'll just serve it.
I'll serve this on a separate plate.
It's not a soup.
- You want to go first? - I think we just have to eat it like...
Here.
It's already packed...
She's good...
I like Jodi's good at...
Eyes on the prize.
Okay.
It's quite thick, right?
Oops. Sorry, sorry!
Chef, it's really okay!
Sorry, sorry. Here you go.
Right after he complimented, "Eyes on the prize," he made a mess.
- My list! - Chef, was that intentional or...
- Sorry. It was my first time. - Accident?
So at least we have like...
One, two, three, four, five, six restaurant names.
This is pork backbone stew.
- It's for you. - Thank you.
Yes.
- Your list! - Yeah.
Wait.
What they do is...
This is the glove for your left...
Your left hand, obviously.
- The meat? - Yeah.
It's so hot!
Careful.
- Seems like... - You're so hot.
I'll put it in the fridge first. It's hot.
Am I doing...
Am I still doing this right, Chef?
I don't think so.
Am I supposed to cut the meat or is that wrong?
Everything is wrong.
I'll do it.
- Is it not? - Let's just use the fork.
- Just use the fork... - Then, like this.
- Just shred it like that. - Okay.
Let's try it.
It falls off the bone, right?
Yeah.
The pork neck.
Because it was boiled for a long time.
The meat is soft.
So you can taste the pork neck flavor in the broth.
Appetizer.
Soup is sinigang.
- Just a fork. - Just a fork.
Just a fork?
We have atchara, adobong quail egg, kangkong with aioli dip,
And then mushroom salpicao, and then I just put here burong mangga.
That we give for free.
That's what you said.
I mean, the one you enumerated.
Oh, it's a potato.
Wow.
Instead of a sweet chili...
No, we'll mix...
And then, on the menu...
Noodles, we have to decide on a noodle dish.
What's the most popular noodle dish in the Philippines?
Popular?
It's so hot!
What's going on with you?
- Why? - She ate something hot.
I thought it was spicy.
Okay, so we have pancit canton...
Do you guys like pancit palabok?
Yes, palabok.
Okay, alright.
- So what do I do here, Chef? - Okay.
- Do I dip in the sauce? - Yeah.
- Like this, wait. - Let's take a bite.
There we go, okay.
Thank you.
Okay, we got this.
It's so spicy!
This is delicious!
Yeah, I want to try this.
Okay.
One more thing.
I...
I think.
So...
So that it's not too...
There.
- I love to eat. Oh, my God. - Okay.
- It's my first time trying kimchi. - Water.
What?
Is this kimchi spicy?
- Yeah. - Okay.
It's spicy, but manageable.
Okay. And then?
And then... My cup has "Coffeesmith" on it.
It's getting spicier and spicier.
- I saw your face. - I don't like it.
Okay, wait.
Appetizer...
- Where were we? - We have atchara.
We have adobong quail eggs, kangkong...
Deep-fried kangkong.
Oh no.
This too.
If this happens in the restaurant,
Be calm.
Because it will happen.
A kid or someone will spill their drink or something.
So just be ready.
I'm always ready.
That's good!
I'm always ready, but Jodi is the one cleaning up.
That's why she's the manager.
It started in a Korean restaurant [Retro Cart Bar]
In the Philippines.
[Today's Plan: Just Start]
Of course, we have to have a story.
What's our story?
- What's a good story? - It's this.
That's not...
I mean, it can be anything.
It's like how we started.
- At least we have a lot of ideas. - Yeah.
At least we started somewhere, right?
- And I think this is good. - It's a good start.
Like, the Koreans have...
Shared with us their culture in terms of music and arts.
- So we can start with that. - I like where you're going. Okay.
And then...
We would also want to share something with them.
So we...
Both cultures enter into this beautiful cycle of sharing things.
And ours is through food.
Yes, ours is through food.
And through service?
- Service. - Our warmth.
- Yes. - Our hospitality.
- 'Cause we're known for that. - Yeah.
Okay.
So I think we have ourselves a restaurant.
Except for the name.
And the location.
- Yes. - And the money.
- And... - And...
- Everything. - The skills, for us.
But this is the first time that I've really appreciated what I'm eating.
Because, like I said, I'd never tried kimchi before.
But now that I've tried it, it's delicious.
It wasn't...
I was judging it.
I'm so sorry, kimchi.
And I was...
I was afraid to try foods.
New food?
I was so afraid because...
I super get you.
Like, this is not me.
This is the new Francine, version 2.0.
Nice.
Bold, adventurous.
Yeah, adventurous.
- Bolder and braver. - Fearless.
- Yeah. - That's nice.
- You're laughing so hard. - Yeah, I'm laughing.
Yes!
Okay, cheers first, cheers!
Cheers!
- To our new restaurant! - Yeah.
- To a new beginning! - My glass is huge.
It's so good, right?
It's my favorite.
Jodi is so proud.
This seems like a traitor, right?
- Hey... - Yehey!
We should cherish this forever.
I want to freeze this moment in a picture.
Let's try. [Tap to Start]
Chef, your pose should be like this.
How many copies?
Let's get four copies.
- Let's go in. - Oh, there's a timer!
- There's a timer! - Oh, my God.
- There it is! - Oh, my.
- There it is. - Where is it?
It's this one.
- Let's switch. - Seven over eight.
Let's switch places.
Oh, switch.
[1/8 shots] What's going on? We are not ready.
[Shooting is on-going in the booth. Please wait outside.]
- We can choose. - Okay.
- There are cute photos. - You guys choose.
Oh my God, we weren't ready for the photos.
Actually, the first four are cute, but we weren't ready.
- For the last ones. - I like this one.
Then let's choose this.
- And this and this. - Yes.
Yeah.
- That's all. - Okay.
- Yay! - Yeah hey!
Now we have memories from when we were planning the restaurant.
So when we get annoyed at each other...
We'll go back to this.
We'll hear the laughter.
"They had no idea what was coming."
That's right.
Can we put this up here, or...
Here in the middle.
- Wow, main character energy. - There.
- There we go. - Great.
- Cute! - Okay.
Okay?
Great.
[D-30]
[Practice]
I'm on my third day of learning Korean. [Jodi Cam]
My lesson for today is "Order at a Cafe."
Hello!
Bingsu, please.
Hello, bingsu, please.
Hello.
I am Jodi.
Jodi...
I am not...
I am Jodi.
Nice to meet you.
♪ Eyo, eyo, eyo ♪
Getting somewhere.
Repeating again and again.
Filipino pasta.
Filipino, faster.
No, pasta!
Filipino pasta!
Philippine Super Star.
Filipino noodles.
[Janella Cam]
I'm going to be working in the kitchen.
I have to...
Practice my cooking skills.
For work?
Are you helping me?
Yeah.
Let's just peel some more vegetables.
Later, can you help me with the tomatoes?
[Tomato?]
No...
And as you can see...
Looks good!
It's Korean style. [Francine Cam]
Wow.
How many points?
Three.
That's five points.
Kumusta.
Hello.
- Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you.
Goodbye!
Thank you!
My Korean name is Han Seo Wang.
If I were to introduce myself in Korean, it would be...
Oh, my gosh! I'm so nervous! Okay.
Hello!
I'm Han Seo Wang.
Nice to meet you!
Goodbye!
- This way. - Thank you.
[South Korea] [Cheongdam]
- Hello! - Hi Chef, how are you?
How are you? Good to see you.
- Finally, we meet here. - Yeah.
[Executive Chef]
- Like this. - No.
- How are you? - Yeah, I saw your message.
Yeah, everyone says I should go to you and ask for advice.
- Oh, really? - Yeah.
- What is the reason? - You?
- Yeah. - Because they say you're...
- Master. OG. - Master no.
- I'm just a chef. - Yeah, same, same.
Thank you for your time.
Thank you for meeting me.
- It's okay. Never mind. - Yeah.
We're here to open a Filipino restaurant in Korea.
Filipino food? Traditional?
Traditional, but...
- Global. - Global.
My style is always 90% Filipino.
And then I adapt.
But the essence of the dish should be still Filipino.
- Very similar to my cooking style. - Yes.
Basically, Korean tastes and flavors...
Mixed with a global innovative style.
- Yes. - We...
- We have many things in common. - Yeah.
Oh, okay.
- I have three friends. - Three friends?
But they...
- Good at cooking? - No, I don't know.
- No? - No.
- Are you available? - That's why I'm here.
Maybe you can help me.
Definitely.
But I'm so deadly busy.
Oh, okay.
Then maybe you can just come and eat.
- And tell me if it's good. - Okay, sure.
Yeah, and I'll ask for your advice so that it can be appreciated here in Korea.
- I need feedback from a professional. - Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
Okay. I brought tamarind.
And then I'll make it into a soup.
In the Philippines, we have...
It's called sinigang.
The flavor profile in Filipino food is always sour, salty, sweet.
- So... - Sour soup?
Sour soup.
- Hot? - Hot, yeah.
- Seafood. Do you eat that? - Usually, Korean people don't prefer...
- Don't like. - Really?
- Yeah. - But you like hot spicy.
Hot spicy is very popular.
But... Hot sour soup is...
Korean people don't like.
- Why? - So many Korean people like the...
Tom yum kung. But it's not common.
I heard you like lemongrass.
- Lemongrass? - Yeah.
Usually, Korean people don't like lemongrass.
Lemongrass is very strange.
Should I still open a restaurant here?
Yeah, Korean people...
Oh, but kimchi stew is sour.
I have to try.
Okay.
Maybe I'll change your mind.
Maybe. I hope so.
If you make great cooking,
Korean people will like your dishes.
Yeah. I'll do my best.
- Yeah, yeah. - So I'll slowly change your mind.
- I'll do the cooking first. - Yeah.
- Can I go inside your kitchen? - Oh, sure.
Okay, I go. [Okay, I go.]
[2 Hours Ago]
I guess it's Korean market. Looks interesting. [South Korea] [Garak Market]
- Let's look first, alright? - Okay.
- Wow. It's so clean, right? - Very.
Yeah, we'll buy a few things.
I think Chef Choi might will like it.
I'm in seafood heaven.
So this is the wet market.
I read on Google that this is one of the best markets here in Korea.
Oh, look at that.
- Oh, my God. - It's this crab back.
Incredible, right?
I mean, look at it. It's so fresh.
Look at that!
- Wow. - Oh, my God.
- Oh, my God. - So happy...
She's so happy in what she does.
You have a very nice smile.
My interaction with the vendors is okay.
Nice to meet you!
- My friend! - How are you?
- Okay. How do you do? - Good.
Good, good, good.
This is very good.
I want to buy everything.
Come on.
[Hurry up! Dady~]
- Okay, now I'll buy salmon. - Okay.
- Okay. - Salmon head.
Salmon belly.
Get one.
Discount, please?
No...
Oh, here, here, here. Clams.
Okay, I'll buy two kilos.
- Two kilos. - Yes.
Can eat raw? The shrimp?
- The shrimp? - Raw.
Raw? Can... Yeah?
Okay, can I buy one piece?
I just want to try.
What? Like, now?
- You're going to eat it right now? - Yeah.
Can I open?
Oh, my God, you're going to eat it like, right now?
Yeah.
In the middle.
Wow.
It's delicious!
Can I buy maybe one kilo?
- One kilo? - Yeah.
It tastes like milk.
Like creamy.
Yeah, creamy.
It's like eating steak.
Really good steak.
It's delicious.
- Thank you. - Discount, please?
No. [No!]
- Fresh vegetables. - Yeah.
Okay. Spring onion.
Beans.
Radish.
This is garlic chives.
This...
Shiso.
We got some vegetables.
We're going to go to Chef Choi.
This is the tamarind that I was saying.
So, it's really sour.
- Tamarind! - Tamarind, yeah.
So, I'll make a soup, sinigang.
- Sinigang? - Sinigang.
If you...
Something help.
- Okay, Chef. - Yeah.
- I'll make clam... - Yeah.
Fish head broth.
- Yeah. - And then I flavor it with ginger.
- Ginger. - And then, that's it.
[Start Sinigang]
Okay, then...
And then, also the head.
- Boil together? - Yeah.
Okay.
Guys, I'm adding the ginger.
Then, I'm adding tamarind.
- And then boil. - Have it together with rice?
With rice, normally, but...
We can just... it's okay.
And then, I make another soup [Start Shrimp Binakol]
Cooked in coconut water.
- Coconut water soup? - Yeah.
So, I do two pots.
- One with lemongrass and one... - Okay, okay. Without lemongrass.
- We'll see which one you like. - Okay
I will let you know which one Korean people like.
Yeah. Then...
Lemongrass in one. [Lemongrass Version]
Then I'll add some ginger here. [No Lemongrass Version]
So, half, Chef. I...
- Half, I peel the shrimp. - Peel?
- Yeah, okay. - Yeah.
And then I'll just blanch this in coconut water.
- This one. - Okay, okay.
Oh my gosh.
- Alive. - Yeah.
Earlier, I went to the market and I ate it.
Right away.
- Very sweet. - Yeah, very.
So, with this kind of shrimp, how do you guys cook the shrimp?
- Grill or... - It's boiled.
- Always boil? - Yeah. Sometimes...
It's soy sauce marinated.
Sometimes it's raw.
Just eat with red pepper paste.
Okay.
- Almost done. - Okay.
Then I'll add some shrimp.
- Then I'll just strain it. - Lemongrass?
Thank you. Then this one, I will flavor with fish sauce.
Do we have anchovies or fish sauce?
It's a traditional Korean fish sauce.
- Okay. - It's anchovy.
- Do you want to try? - Yeah!
Usually, Korean people use this for kimchi.
Wait, I want to taste it.
That's good.
And as well...
Salt.
- Salt. - No, no, no, no!
- No salt? - Salt is for sprinkling.
First...
You want to see this.
- Follow me. - Okay.
Put bicep.
- Okay. - Ear.
And then, sprinkle.
Oh, okay.
- So here? - Yeah.
And then...
Don't bend.
Just...
Okay.
Actually. Usually...
Frankly speaking, I don't like.
I don't like the sprinkle.
I do this usually.
Which one is the traditional Filipino food?
- This one? - Yeah.
- With the lemongrass? - Yeah, yeah.
- You want to try? Can you try? - Yeah.
This is with just ginger, no lemongrass.
Listen... Oh, wait...
- Parsley? - Spring onions.
- Spring onion? - Yeah.
- Oh, sweet! - Sweet, yeah.
This one, lemongrass.
If you...
- This one, good? - It's good.
[Lemongrass Version]
I guess it's a little more fit for Korean.
- The lemongrass helps it. - Yeah.
Okay, this one, I'll plate.
Do I just strain?
Yeah.
- Okay? - Yup.
Then...
- It's finished? - Yeah, I stopped it.
- Okay. - So that I don't overcook the shrimp.
[Completed Shrimp Binakol]
Then this one, Chef, we strain.
Yeah.
- It's okay? - Yeah. Alright.
- Enough? Okay. - It's okay, Chef. Yeah.
[Completed Sinigang]
With raw...
- Yeah. - Raw salmon?
- I mean, normally, it's cooked. - Normally.
- Yeah. - But since we're in Korea, I want to...
- You guess? - Yeah.
But as you...
Look, it cooks slowly.
What do you think?
I guess...
Korean people like the normal style.
- Cooked? - First, I'll try.
Okay.
Wow.
Normal taste?
Some people like it more sour.
- More sour? - Yeah, this is...
- My wife likes it more sour. - This is very sour. Really?
Yeah. This is...
- This is very sour to Koreans. - Okay. Maybe I'll adjust.
Heidi, come here.
Try this.
How is it?
It's okay.
- Sour? - Korean women and Korean men are different.
Try this as well. This is...
Normally, they eat it fully cooked.
But he wants to try serving it slightly undercooked.
What do you think?
- It has to be cooked more. - Koreans won't like it, right?
The texture is a bit...
- More cooked. - More cooked? Okay. Alright.
Okay, try this one.
One is with lemongrass, one is without.
I like this one more.
- Lemongrass is better. - Okay.
- Yeah. - If I serve this in the restaurant, will it...
- Frankly speaking... - Yeah.
- It's okay. I can take criticism. - It's not my...
- Not your type? - Yeah, not my type.
- You'd rather have this? - It's the best.
- Lemongrass is okay. - Okay.
But it's a...
Sour soup is not familiar to Koreans.
Okay, okay.
[Sinigang's Flavor is Unfamiliar to Koreans] This is Korean...
- You have to decide. - I have to decide
If I'll still continue this restaurant.
It's me.
For a second, please.
I can only serve one soup dish.
- Which would be... - This one or this one?
Yeah.
If you take more time to cook this salmon,
- it's better. - Yeah. Okay.
- Alright. - I guess her taste is not common.
- When you serve... - Yeah.
You can choose the more spicy.
- It's with the Korean chili powder. - Okay.
- Very strong. - Very strong.
Watch out.
Watch out?
With the chili, Chef, do you also do this?
No, no, no.
- Very dangerous. - Okay.
That is like heavy lava.
Very dangerous.
Try it together.
Oh, wow! That's a lot.
He's getting creative.
That's good.
Now it's starting to taste like a mix of two cultures.
- I guess it's up to you. - Yeah.
Okay, okay. Noted, noted.
- Chef, thank you so much. - Thank you.
I am going to go home and I'm going to contemplate.
Every day, we add practice.
I'm proud of this team.
[D-1]
So how do you say hello? [Philippines]
Hello! [Manila Airport Lounge]
I'm Jodi. Nice to meet you.
What's "bangawoyo"?
- Nice to meet you! - Nice to meet you!
- Hello! - Maybe if...
- I'm Janella. - Janella...
Nice to... nice...
Nice to meet you!
Hello!
I'm JP!
To Seoul, Korea.
Super excited.
This is going to be great.
This time it's kind of emotional.
We can do this really, really well.
We can open this Filipino restaurant in Korea.
[South Korea] [Incheon Airport]
[Manila - Arrived]
[Arrivals]
It's so cold!
We're actually here!
It's a bit surreal.
I think it's starting to sink in...
It's windy, too!
This is our car. [JP Cam]
It's very cold.
Welcome to Korea.
- Welcome. - Welcome.
Okay, I'm heading out now.
I'm so excited.
- So many things are happening. - What a day!
What a day.
What a day for everyone.
Hello, Korea!
Now I'm hungry again.
Is that from the stress?
- It's the exhaustion, too. - You think they have a drive-through?
- Drive-through? - I want coffee.
Coffee, juseyo!
Wow!
Someone practiced!
What does that mean?
"Please give me coffee," or "Coffee, please."
- Okay. - Just like that!
Can you teach us Korean words?
Wait, I'll make something like this for you guys.
Ta-da!
There, let's read it.
Hello, I am Janella. Nice to meet you.
Hello!
I'm Janella.
"Let's eat" is "meokja".
Meokja?
- Meokja! - Meokja!
Meokja.
I'm so hungry again!
Is the fried chicken here really that good?
They seem to have a thing for chicken and beer.
Chicken and beer, yes.
Yeah, I remember the chicken and beer being really good.
Have you tried the soy-marinated crabs?
That sounds good.
Soy-marinated.
What do you call those log-shaped things...
Stir-fried rice cake?
- Stir-fried rice cake? - Stir-fried rice cake.
I also want to try some good Korean barbecue.
I don't think we can leave without trying that.
Can we get that for room service?
Now I'm hungry!
Hey!
[What happened?]
While we wait for the food, [Epilogue]
Let's think of the name of the restaurant.
A Korean word? Or Filipino word?
So if Korean, K.
But I think it should be a simple word.
Maybe it should be like a Filipino word that's easy to pronounce, like...
- Simple, one word. - Korean or...
- I was thinking a Filipino word. - A Filipino word.
Like, what do you think would best represent our culture?
Is it food? Or like as a whole?
Mabuhay.
It's too common.
Our restaurant's going to have an airport vibe.
Welcome to...
Something.
Jodi's?
- It's too corny. - Is it corny?
- Let's not make it a name. - Not a name.
Let's combine our names.
Yeah, a combination.
It's too long.
Auntie, something.
- Auntie Jodi's. - But...
- Auntie Jodi's what? - That could work.
- That's going to be a hit. - OMG.
That's very...
There are pots and pans.
The clay pot is right there.
But yeah, instead of regular pots, clay pots.
That's very Pinoy.
- Clay pots. - The cultural thing.
How do you say "How are you?"
Kumusta?
How are you? Kumusta?
- Kumusta? - Or just "Musta."
- Musta? - Musta?
How do you say "thank you" in Korean again?
Kamsahamnida.
Lefty.
Same.
- Me too. - Oh, you too?
- Am I the only right-handed person here? - Wow!
Okay, so...
Is it going to be Korean, English, or...
- Filipino. - Maybe Filipino.
Filipino, right? Because it's a Filipino restaurant.
Yeah.
Okay, so we're going to agree that.